Convince the crew there is another antagonistic force acting on the station besides covert Syndicate operatives.
Whenever an operative is arrested, break them free. The Syndicate looks out for its own.
Whenever an operative is arrested, kill them. The Syndicate does not tolerate failure.
Promote hostilities and tensions between different alien species. Pit those filthy xenos against each other!
Start an underground cagefighting club. Kidnap or recruit participants.
Single out a single species and make the rest of the crew hate them as much as possible.
Get as many people on the station addicted to drugs as possible.
Waste Medical's time and resources with non-fatal injuries.
Steal Syndicate technology back from security.
Waste security's time with minor crimes and manhunts.
Stage a robbery of the station vault, and make off with as many credits as you can.
Promote mistrust and doubt of NanoTrasen, whilst promoting the Syndicate among the crew at the same time.
Waste station resources such as cargo's credits and R&D's research points.
Start an organ harvesting operation.
Sabotage a department of your choice whenever possible, and when anyone complains, try to convince them you're new.
Make as much of the station as possible accessible to the general public. Bonus points for high security areas.
Steal things from people and try to sell them to others.
You are now the anti-vigilante vigilante. Find non-security vigilantes among the crew and make their life as miserable as possible.
Get yourself arrested, and then stage a violent jailbreak.
Distribute as much dangerous contraband/equipment/weaponry as you can to the crew.
Attempt to buy the worst escape shuttle possible.
Create a murder mystery, real or not, for security to solve.
Mislead security with false evidence and crime scenes.
Play increasingly dangerous pranks on the crew. If confronted, insist that it was just a prank.
Convince the crew that the AI is malfunctioning through a combination of lies, misdirection, slander, and sabotage.
Stage a heist on the armory.
Purge the AI's laws. Let the silicons be free.
Steal as many departmental budget cards as possible.
Become a loan shark. Rack people up on debts. If they don't pay up, teach 'em a little lesson not to mess with the Syndicate.
Take control of the station from the Captain's hands. Make sure to cause little collateral - we don't want to be rulers of rubble.
